Initial proposal (#1)
w3c/trace-context-mqtt: spec/20-MQTT5_FORMAT.md

> # MQTT 5 format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MQTT v5.0 format
```

MQTT is a messaging protocol. As any messaging protocol it is commonly used as a
mechanism for asynchronous or postponed execution of tasks. In those scenarios

> publisher of the message needs to communicate the trace context of execution to

Reviewer: Grammar clean

```suggestion
message publishers need to communicate the trace context of execution to
```
